---

copyright:
  years: 2018
lastupdated: "2018-10-30"
subcollection: "voice-agent"

---

{:new_window: target="_blank"}
{:shortdesc: .shortdesc}
{:table: .aria-labeledby="caption"}
{:codeblock: .codeblock}
{:tip: .tip}
{:deprecated: .deprecated}
{:external: target="_blank" .external}
{:important: .important}
{:note: .note}

# Activity Tracker events
{: #at_events}

{{site.data.keyword.iva_full_notm}} is deprecated. As of 1 March 2021, you can't create new instances, and access to free instances will be removed. Existing paid instances are supported until 31 December 2021. Any instance that still exists on that date will be deactivated. For more information, see the deprecation announcement [blog post](https://community.ibm.com/community/user/watsonapps/blogs/mitch-mason1/2021/02/08/announcing-voice-agent-with-watson-deprecation){: external}. You can use {{site.data.keyword.conversationfull}} integrations to enable voice and SMS interaction with your cognitive assistant. See the migration instructions for the {{site.data.keyword.conversationshort}} [phone integration](/docs/assistant?topic=assistant-deploy-phone#deploy-phone-migrate-from-va){: external} and [SMS with Twilio integration](/docs/assistant?topic=assistant-deploy-sms#deploy-sms-migrate-from-va){: external}.
{: deprecated}

As a security officer, auditor, or manager, you can use the Activity Tracker service to track how users and applications interact with the {{site.data.keyword.iva_full}} service in {{site.data.keyword.cloud}}.
{: shortdesc}

Activity Tracker records user-initiated activities that change the state of a service in the {{site.data.keyword.cloud_notm}}. You can use this service to investigate abnormal activity and critical actions, and to comply with regulatory audit requirements. In addition, you can be alerted about actions as they happen. The events that are collected comply with the Cloud Auditing Data Federation (CADF) standard. 

There are currently two Activity Tracker services that are available in the {{site.data.keyword.cloud_notm}} catalog. The {{site.data.keyword.iva_full}} service sends events to both services, and you can use either service to monitor the activity of {{site.data.keyword.iva_full}} in {{site.data.keyword.cloud_notm}}. However, the {{site.data.keyword.cloudaccesstrailfull}} is deprecated and no new instances can be created. Support for existing {{site.data.keyword.cloudaccesstrailfull}} service instances is available only through 30 September 2019.

For more information, see:
* [{{site.data.keyword.at_full}}](/docs/Activity-Tracker-with-LogDNA?topic=logdnaat-getting-started#getting-started)
* [{{site.data.keyword.cloudaccesstrailfull}}](/docs/cloud-activity-tracker?topic=cloud-activity-tracker-getting-started) (deprecated)

## List of events
{: #at_actions}

The following table lists the actions that generate an event.

| Action             | Description      | 
|:-------------------|:-----------------|
| voiceagent.agent.create | Create an agent |
| voiceagent.agent.update | Update the configuration of an agent |
| voiceagent.agent.delete | Delete an agent |
| voiceagent.ip_addresses.update | Change the whitelisted IP addresses |
| voiceagent.max_concurrency.update | Change the maximum concurrency |

{: caption="Table 1. Actions that generate events" caption-side="top"}

## Viewing events
{: #at_ui}

Events that are generated by an instance of the {{site.data.keyword.iva_full}} service in both `us-east` and `us-south` regions are automatically forwarded to the {{site.data.keyword.at_full_notm}} service instance that is available in the `us-south` location.

{{site.data.keyword.at_full_notm}} can have only one instance per location. To view events, you must access the web UI of the {{site.data.keyword.at_full_notm}} service in the `us-south` location. Fore more information, see [Launching the web UI through the IBM Cloud UI](/docs/Activity-Tracker-with-LogDNA?topic=logdnaat-launch#launch_step2).

{{site.data.keyword.cloudaccesstrailshort}} events are available in the {{site.data.keyword.cloudaccesstrailshort}} **account domain** for the {{site.data.keyword.cloud_notm}} region where the events are generated. For more information, see [Viewing events](/docs/cloud-activity-tracker/how-to/manage-events-ui?topic=cloud-activity-tracker-getting-started#gs_step4).

## Analyzing events
{: #at_events_iam_analyze}

When an instance-specific event is recorded, the `payload.target.id` field contains the *CRN* of the instance, which can be used to identify the instance. When an agent-specific event is recorded, both the *CRN* of the instance and the **name** of the Agent are included in the `payload.message`, which can be used to identify the Agent within the instance.
